see Cabasa Pinoy is a four wall and a 32
count
Pinoy line dance so let me face the back
and just count the steps so I will start
with 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15
16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28
29 30 31 32 and back all right so it is
a formal dance but this time let me
teach you the first part of the dance so
it starts with a basic cha cha with the
left foot going forward we go left step
cha-cha-cha and right back step
cha-cha-cha let's do that again five six
seven eight left
step cha-cha-cha and right step
cha-cha-cha
and then we do a movement that is
similar to the pandan go folk dance and
I would like to thank Celine PSS who was
a former dancer of a penthouse 7 group
back in the Philippines for contributing
this step what it is is that we charge
her to the right but our right hand
points 90 degree up and our left hand
and our left leg point to the right so
and then we cha-cha-cha and we do the
reverse with the right hand and the
right foot pointing to the left and the
left hand pointing upwards can we go
back cha-cha-cha and
do that again from the top five six
seven eight left step cha-cha-cha and
back step cha-cha-cha step cha-cha-cha
to the left step cha-cha-cha and after
that we do a double Samba with our left
foot crossing the right Samba and Samba
okay so let's take it from the top five
six seven eight left step cha-cha-cha
and back step cha cha to the right step
cha cha to the left step cha-cha-cha
Samba Samba and left we do a pivot so we
do our hundred eighty degree turn
without lifting the right foot and then
we step with the left again and then
pivot completing the 360 degree turn and
then we go cha-cha-cha back and
cha-cha-cha back and do it again left
cha-cha-cha cha-cha-cha to the right
step cha cha to the left step cha cha
Samba and Samba and left turn left turn
cha-cha-cha back so we bed a little bit
cha-cha-cha back and we do the turn left
cha-cha-cha back cha cha to the right
step cha cha to the left step cha cha
Samba and Samba and left step left turn
cha-cha-cha back and cha-cha-cha back
and we do the quarter turn it in
cha-cha-cha and back and cha-cha-cha the
right step cha cha to the left cha-cha
Samba and Samba and left
left cha-cha-cha back and cha-cha-cha
she bit a little bit and turned him step
cha-cha-cha back cha-cha-cha and
cha-cha-cha and cha-cha-cha and Samba
and one two three four cha-cha-cha back
and cha-cha-cha back now let's do it now
let us take a closer look when we are
going to do the front and backwards
cha-cha steps so a lot of dancers they
start with a left foot and then bring it
back and cha-cha in place and go back
okay that would be very tiring so the
the better move will be we take a step
forward and bring it a little bit
slightly back and to the front and to
the side and to the side let me do that
slower okay so we do the front cha cha
step and bring it back bring the weight
back and bring weight front and then to
the side cha cha cha to the side cha cha
cha and samba and Samba and left and
left and cha-cha-cha back and
cha-cha-cha back all right
so whenever we do the front and back cha
cha which is also applicable to second
but stuff annoy and cyavana let's
remember to put our weight forward and
then bring the weight back and do it
okay all right now let's do it with the
music this time and remember the first
step of course when you hear the
syllable lot from bundle gusto corn on
below ok so the lyrics are about the
best of the Philippines including the
food our scenery but most importantly
our people who are the best dancers and
singers okay so this is Sica vez happy
life
so since this is a first
that's easing
and go
some